now gather yourself in troops oh
now gather yourself in troops oh daughter of troops he has laid siege
daughter of troops he has laid siege
daughter of troops he has laid siege against us they will strike the judge of
against us they will strike the judge of
against us they will strike the judge of Israel with a rod on the cheek but you
Israel with a rod on the cheek but you
Israel with a rod on the cheek but you Bethlehem Ephrathah though you are
Bethlehem Ephrathah though you are
Bethlehem Ephrathah though you are little among the thousands of Judah yet
little among the thousands of Judah yet
little among the thousands of Judah yet out of you shall come forth to me the
out of you shall come forth to me the
out of you shall come forth to me the one to be ruler in Israel whose goings
one to be ruler in Israel whose goings
one to be ruler in Israel whose goings forth are from of old from everlasting
therefore he shall give them up until
therefore he shall give them up until the time that she who was in labor has
the time that she who was in labor has
the time that she who was in labor has given birth
given birth
given birth then the remnant of his brethren shall
then the remnant of his brethren shall
then the remnant of his brethren shall return to the children of Israel and he
return to the children of Israel and he
return to the children of Israel and he shall stand and feed his flock in the
shall stand and feed his flock in the
shall stand and feed his flock in the strength of the Lord in the majesty of
strength of the Lord in the majesty of
strength of the Lord in the majesty of the name of the Lord his God and they
the name of the Lord his God and they
the name of the Lord his God and they shall abide for now he shall be great to
shall abide for now he shall be great to
shall abide for now he shall be great to the ends of the earth and this one shall
the ends of the earth and this one shall
the ends of the earth and this one shall be peace when the Assyrian comes into
be peace when the Assyrian comes into
be peace when the Assyrian comes into our land and when he treads in our
our land and when he treads in our
our land and when he treads in our palaces then we will raise against him
palaces then we will raise against him
palaces then we will raise against him seven shepherds and eight princely men
seven shepherds and eight princely men
seven shepherds and eight princely men they shall waste with the sword the land
they shall waste with the sword the land
they shall waste with the sword the land of Assyria and the land of Nimrod at its
of Assyria and the land of Nimrod at its
of Assyria and the land of Nimrod at its entrances
entrances
entrances thus he shall deliver us from the
thus he shall deliver us from the
thus he shall deliver us from the Assyrian when he comes into our land and
Assyrian when he comes into our land and
Assyrian when he comes into our land and when he treads within our borders then
when he treads within our borders then
when he treads within our borders then the remnant of Jacob shall be in the
the remnant of Jacob shall be in the
the remnant of Jacob shall be in the midst of many peoples like Dew from the
midst of many peoples like Dew from the
midst of many peoples like Dew from the Lord like showers on the grass that
Lord like showers on the grass that
Lord like showers on the grass that tarry for no man nor wait for the sons
tarry for no man nor wait for the sons
tarry for no man nor wait for the sons of men and the remnant of Jacob shall be
of men and the remnant of Jacob shall be
of men and the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of many
among the Gentiles in the midst of many
among the Gentiles in the midst of many peoples like a lion among the beasts of
peoples like a lion among the beasts of
peoples like a lion among the beasts of the forest like a young lion among
the forest like a young lion among
the forest like a young lion among flocks of sheep who if he passes through
flocks of sheep who if he passes through
flocks of sheep who if he passes through both treads down and tears and pieces
both treads down and tears and pieces
both treads down and tears and pieces and none can deliver
and none can deliver
and none can deliver your hand shall be lifted against your
your hand shall be lifted against your
your hand shall be lifted against your adversaries and all your enemies shall
adversaries and all your enemies shall
adversaries and all your enemies shall be cut off and it shall be in that day
be cut off and it shall be in that day
be cut off and it shall be in that day that I will cut off your horses from
that I will cut off your horses from
that I will cut off your horses from your midst and destroy your chariots I
your midst and destroy your chariots I
your midst and destroy your chariots I will cut off the cities of your land and
will cut off the cities of your land and
will cut off the cities of your land and throw down all your strongholds I will
throw down all your strongholds I will
throw down all your strongholds I will cut off sorcerers from your hand and you
cut off sorcerers from your hand and you
cut off sorcerers from your hand and you shall have no suit says your carved
shall have no suit says your carved
shall have no suit says your carved images I will also cut off and your
images I will also cut off and your
images I will also cut off and your sacred pillars from your midst you shall
sacred pillars from your midst you shall
sacred pillars from your midst you shall no more worship the work of your hands I
no more worship the work of your hands I
no more worship the work of your hands I will pluck your wooden images from your
will pluck your wooden images from your
will pluck your wooden images from your midst thus I will destroy your cities
midst thus I will destroy your cities
midst thus I will destroy your cities and I will execute vengeance in anger
and I will execute vengeance in anger
and I will execute vengeance in anger and fury on the nations that have not